Add e2e test for ship commands
Move custom matcher out of ship_transforms_spec.coffee
Error handlers.
Run tests on a different port, so having the server running doesn't blow them up.
Split server specs into e2e/unit directories.
Figure out how to test generated SVG in client. (index.html)
Review tests for coverage and organization.
Refactor out magic numbers for keycodes.
Move toAproximatelyEqual out of ship_outline_spec into helper, and use generally.
Move static web page code out to its own class.
Change all server.game references to be just game
Unit tests for Vector
Change ship#gun_point to be a function.
Review code for consistent usage of function over var
Check for consistency of use of self vs this
Check node API for error call backs that we should implement.
To avoid DOS attack limit number random ship position retries.
Seperate game coordinates from client coordinates
Scale game field to window size (client)
Create style guide
Handle bullet initialization without initial state. Or does this even make sense? 
Add code coverage tool for client side code.
Add logging package (mostly so test runs don't natter so much :-) )
Add html5 gamepad support
Call underscore 'underscore' everywhere (some places it's currently '_')
Switch requires to return constructor directly.
Actually reach into old sessions and update new one (ship & socket).
Make sure we handle multiple cookies correctly.
Add favicon.
Force focus to gamefield on reload.
Add visual indication of focus on gamefield.

Session Managment
    Handle websocket disconnects (end user's session?)
    Handle errors on socket connect

    when a connection comes in
         if there's a session cookie
            if there's a matching session
               reach into the session for the ship
               close out the ship's old socket
               assign the new socket to the ship
            else /* no matching session */
                treat as if there were no session cookie
         else
             create a new session

Before Release
    Add top level grunt to make sure a client 'grunt release' has been done before trying to run the server tests.
    Re-arrange project structure to have the client under the server directory
    Scoring
    Should have same ship after page reload.
    Explosions.

